So please take out 4 aces until you want to start bypassing now
And 3 cards
I also choose
It is assumed that you select these 3 cards .
Next, make a gray piece under the top and don't look at this Yamauchi
Don't show it, just bring it on
top card
I will show you first
Twin As one sheet of 3 cards above these 3 card breaks
Show you
Next card
I This is a piece
I will show you
3 hands in the middle
Four days
I'll show it back
Three from the top
When
If the bottom is obtained
It seems that the top three cards are dummy cards
Take the 47 ace
Make a break as the top bottom
I take it out in the morning
And more
Make a play after pop card
It takes on the Yeongjo one by one left of Tech
It was the time I took it
It is a clay this building to s diamond face is the
And
I dyed
Now
Show you is the diamond ace to say I Well in here
Show me
Bring to the bottom
I was asked to choose the bottom
Keep the break on the card reported with your thumb
Next 3 battles
Giving the appearance of saying that is the s of the club
As it is, I would like to say Break
I will show the third one in the same way I maintained
And here is the time to align
The card below Blake
You will drop it
And
These three
Pop as before today
Five times before is doubled
check 1
The card king who also chose from Dopp
Ostensibly ace waiting
Next , I will put one piece from the top into one piece .
Because it is a dummy
It is good to put
Even if I wanted to make it into Ella , this is true
Make a gray mouth under the second piece from the top
You are waiting for you
Hmm
I can say
How did you wait for Ella by doing so?
is
It has become the order of Pick got the cards in the right of ace
Take Imayamachi
Oh g Tei
I will spread at the same time as plugging
was
As you and Nemata card gap
Next hex out second card
At the time of my mother's war this card Senjo commentary so please take a look from here
Then it looks like Ace has come up and
Between face-to-face aces
Two face-down cards are assimilated
Because there are these two cards
I wanted